Safety Information: 

It is important to realize that the Wazer can cause serious injury and it is important to not use this machine until you have been properly trained by an EPL manager. 

When using the Wazer wear eye protection (if running the Wazer for a long time hearing protection is advised). It also is advised to wear gloves when handling material because there may be sharp edges. 

The user should not leave the Wazer while it is operating. 

Startup: 

1) First, make sure the on/off valve is on. This valve is a blue valve that is underneath the metal sink. If the valve faces in the direction of the wire the valve is on. If it is perpendicular to the wire the valve is off. 
Turn the valve so that it is in the direction of the wire if it is not in that direction already. 

2) Next, fill the tank by lifting the cover for the Wazer and fill it with water until the water level is at the top surface of the cut bed. You can fill the Water with a bucker or with a hose. 

3) The next step is to level the cut bed: Leveling cut bed is critical, as it can damage the Wazer or cause cut failure. (COME BACK TO THIS) 
  -Turn off Wazer.
  -
4) Complete the following checklist to ensure correct functioning:
    -Secure the water Drain Hose: Make sure drain hose is correctly positioned to avoid water spilage.
    -Check for leaks: Inspect the area around the WAZER. Check all hoses and pump box for leakage.
    -Fasten WAZER power cable into corresponding outlets.
    -Posititon water Sensor Alarms: (NOTE:Water sensors are not connected to WAZER and will not stop or pause any operation.
    
 5) Prime Plumbing is always required when doing a first-time cut or left unuttended for some time. This ensures that all the air is purged from the water lines before starting your cut. (look at prime plumbing step under Preperation on pg. 52 to finish.)
 
 6) Insert the SD card into the SD card slot which can be found on the top right of the Wazer just to the right of the control panel. 

